Audio Transcribed: Section 6-How technology is impacting Chaya’s writing career-Start Time: 6:30-EndTime: 8:50:  - Yeah, this podcast, as you know, is focused a little bit on technology and career transitions. And I think book writing and writing in general is one of the many fields that with the arrival of some new technology like generative or deficient intelligence, we're potentially seeing a bit of a game changing situation could be quite disruptive to creatives like yourselves. Do you have any thoughts on that? - I do. I am going to tell you that I do enjoy AI and that for one of the books that I wrote, not any that are published yet, for one that I'm looking for publisher, I used AI in order to generate images and that was incredible. Like it was a really incredible experience because, you know, I'm paying, let's say, $10 for a thousand images. I could never pay a human being to do that. And so on one hand, it was wonderful for me as someone who can't afford to pay an illustrator. But then I look at it from an illustrator's point of view. And I think to myself, how unfortunate is that somebody, you know, many people are going to lose their jobs because this is so cheap and so easy. And so I have very mixed feelings. On one hand, it's so beneficial for me. And on the other hand, it's, you know, so disruptive. And so frightening for people who are creative and who draw and who write and what are they going to do now with this system that can just do it in seconds. So I very mixed feelings about it. - Fair enough. I think that generally will need to have people that perhaps have focused on lower, I would not say lower quality work, but more run off the mill jobs. approaches to having to raise their game a little bit. And I think there's always going to be a space for quality. There's always going to be a space for talent to shine through, but perhaps the ability to produce very quickly a lot of drawings for the likes of yourselves, it makes more sense to do through a tool. But I was wondering, can I take


ChatGPT Painting Description (Response):an abstract image of a scale, with one side representing the benefits of using AI for writing and generating images, while the other side represents the potential job loss and disruption to traditional creative fields. The balance between these two sides is delicate and uncertain, with no clear winner or loser in sight.
