Audio Transcribed: Section 7-Discussion on Artificial Intelligence and the tools used by Chaya-Start Time: 8:50-EndTime: 14:30:  - I'm just wondering, can I dig into that a little bit? I mean, what tool have you been using if you don't mind sharing? - The tool that I've been using is called Dream Studio. And I actually did a lot of testing of the different AI platforms that generate images. And I tested five different ones, including Dolly and I don't remember the names of the other ones offhand, but I tested them all to kind of see if they could produce the kind of images looking for and Dream Studio, even though it's a pay for service, you really get closer to what you're asking for with less issues. So AI generated graphics have a lot of very strange issues and they have them across the board. So every program I tested has these same strange irregularities. So for instance, in all of these programs, when they are drawing a person the eyes will not match up. Sometimes they will, sometimes they won't, but often the eyes are irregular and one eye will be big and one will be small, or one will be closed, one will be open, or one eye will be brown and the other will be blue. This is like super common and it's just must be something that they haven't figured out yet. And then AI has a really hard time with hands and arms. So you'll get hands with multiple fingers, are not enough? fingers or extra arms or extra hands. And it's just like totally bizarre. So it's something you kind of have to play around with and work on to try to get right. Totally. I mean, it sounds a little Picasso to me in general, but I've recently been playing with stable diffusion. And what was interesting is you actually have to go and download different models to opt mice for photos. And what was actually interesting for me is to try the same prompts across models that weren't optimized for those prompts. And the results were absolutely hilarious. You can see how a lot of people worrying about AI and how it's going to take care of things. But if scraping through the surface and digging into a little bit deeper, you can see that it's still such an early stage where You have to have such specialized tools to actually do anything that is decent as you were saying right you had to choose across so many so I think it's still good for a little while But I love how we delved into technology, but I want to bring it back a little bit to I think the core audience for your books, which are children and I'm paired myself I have three boys and as parents We always have this idea that technology is bad for for our kids, whether they spend too much time looking at screens, they don't socialize in person enough, or that social media pushing stereotypes or wrong images to them, so forth and so forth. However, I cannot help but feel that our kids will grow up and work around the back technology by much more than we were growing up. And so in your experience, raising children and young adults, I'm actually writing for them. How do you see the role technology and its use in their life? I feel much the same way that you do. So I have three girls. They're 12, 10, and 6. And I'm a big proponent of limiting screen time. As much as possible, my kids are allowed to watch a half hour of educational programming every day after they finish their homework. And I also allow 15 minutes of game time. game time could be playing chess against the computer, or, you know, any of the games that are not, I guess, war games. I allow, and I don't allow any social media for them whatsoever, because especially for girls, and I don't know how it is really for boys, but there's been so many articles written about how detrimental social media is specifically for girls and promoting body images that they can't find a chance There's a lot of bullying and that social media for girls is really, really destructive. So I limit that completely. But like you said, I know that when they get into the workplace, they are going to have to interact with technology. So along those lines, they do take, you know, typing classes. And for school, they each have a laptop and they do their school work on their lives. and there's nothing I can really do about that. I know it's just necessary. And that's the way this world is progressing. So I fight it where I can fight it and I just let it go where I know that I don't have control. - That's great insights. In terms of your book writing, one thing I noticed is that as I'm growing up, particularly in the last few years, it's really hard to read a book. We're so used to having it on an iPad or snippets through just surfing on the web rather than actually sit down with a physical book. But you're writing for young children and you're sort of helping them appreciate reading and the patience that it goes with reading.


ChatGPT Painting Description (Response):An abstract image for this conversation could be a puzzle with missing pieces, symbolizing the incomplete and imperfect nature of AI-generated images. Meanwhile, in the background, there is a group of children sitting and reading books, representing the importance of encouraging children to read and appreciate physical books despite the prevalence of technology.
