Audio Transcribed: Section 9-The entrepreneurial aspects of being an author-Start Time: 15:45-EndTime: 17:53:  about again, you specifically in this career transition and how you handle that. Once you write a book, that's really the beginning of the process in a sense, right? Then you have to go out and promote it, you have to go and let people know about what you're writing about and what you care about. How's that side of the business being or were you thinking, did you know that that was going to be your road I had when you started this journey? know that this was going to be part of the journey specifically because I had researched getting published versus self-publishing. Now I took the second route and I self-published two children's books. I have four that I've submitted to agents to be, you know, brought to publishers, you know, I don't know if I'll ever hear back from any of these agents. If you are an agent out there, please contact me. So I knew that going into this, if I self published, I was going to have to do all the promotion myself. And that's something that I have done. And it's the most time consuming and the most difficult aspect of writing a book, because the writing came very naturally and very easy and it was fun. And the promotion, you kind of feel like a rat on a wheel because you're constantly churning out content and putting everything you can out there and there's very, very little response. You know, I'm one person and I don't have a big following. So trying to get people to read and notice my book has been extremely difficult. - Well, I sympathize with that because this is something new for me as well in this podcast. And I'm trying to figure out ways to make sure people hear about it, whether they listen to it or not, different story, but at least I would like it to be there as an option. I wonder, well, that part of the business, so say that you're going through the, you know, the promotional side of it, as you just said, it's probably just as important as writing a good product or a good book in your case.


ChatGPT Painting Description (Response):An image of a person pushing a large boulder up a steep hill could represent the difficulty and effort required for self-promotion after writing a book. The boulder symbolizes the author's work, while the uphill climb represents the challenges in getting noticed and gaining readership.
